My name is Lena Grisky
and I go to the best
ballet school in the world.
I have a secret.
I'm a time traveler from 1905
and my boyfriend Henri
is doing everything he can
to get me home.
♪ I can feel my heart skipping
Go off the beat ♪
♪ Things are pacing too fast
out on the streets ♪
♪ And I try to stay on my feet
along the way ♪
♪ Another crazy day
Okay, okay ♪
♪ Wake up, wake up, wake up
into a new world ♪
♪ Watch out, watch out, watch
out
and hold on strong, girl ♪
♪ It's time to show myself
what I can be ♪
♪ Figure out my life
and still be me ♪
♪ Wake up, wake up, wake up
and welcome to my world ♪
(Lena) Previously...
This may sound crazy
but I'm pretty sure
Henri was at the Garnier!
Henri?
Lena?
What was that mate?
(Lena) But for now I have
to focus on the mid-season
showcase.
Are you super excited?
There's so much pressure...
I'm Lena's understudy?
You're not still mad
I'm Max's understudy?
I don't like you and I've told
you this a thousand times!
But it's totally worth it!
You're gonna be fine.
♪ Our love is forever
It's never going to fade ♪
♪ Come hell or high water ♪
This is it. My last
chance to dance
on this stage is now.
If I go back to 1905,
it's all over...
It's over. No more ballet.
Only the best survive. If you're
not up for it, then leave.
She'll never keep up.
You ready, chica?
Rehearsal's about to start.
Oh my gosh.
Of course, yes, sorry.
(classical music plays)
(Ms Carré) Must I remind you
that you're representing
the Paris Opera Ballet School?
This is the mid-season showcase.
Very important people
will be in attendance.
Am I clear?
Be prepared.
My bet is Little Miss Perfect
cracks under the pressure.
(chuckles)
(Max) Lena!
Hey, Lena!
What was that?
This has to be perfect.
I can't mess it up again.
This could be my only chance.
I agree.
And Thea,
she really doesn't like me.
You know I think she'd be
perfectly happy to see me fail
so she can take over the role.
And did you see the look on
Ms Carré's face when she said
"very important people"?
Talk about pressure!
Wow. Okay. Hold up.
What is going on with you?
Lena, you know this part
perfectly.
What has gotten you all
in your head all of a sudden?
Apparently I've just completely
forgotten how to dance!
So fix it.
Is there anything else?
Fine. Don't tell me.
You know there's always
something with you, Lena.
(scoffs)
(Ms Carré) Let's go
through the music
and focus on the arms.
(Ms Carré continues in the
background)
(Lena sighs)
I'm guessing you saw
my tour de force performance?
Well... I was gonna say
it wasn't that bad,
but it kinda was. Sorry.
(Lena chuckles)
I totally messed up.
Like... what does Jeff say?
"Epic."
(Ines scoffs)
Yeah. It was epic.
I can't focus.
I just know that Henri was here
and I missed him.
What if he never comes back?
What if that was
our only chance?
On a molecular level,
considering the idea of passing
through one gravitational field
to the other...
No. (chuckles)
Please. I am begging you
to speak in a language
that I can understand.
Okay.
There is no way Henri was here
if what happened to you
is the basis of my theory.
But I could feel him.
Oh, and what about the letter
with my name on it
in his handwriting?
It wasn't in the brick,
it was on the floor, backstage!
The one that said "Dear Leng?"
No, Lena. I don't think so.
It's mathematically impractical.
Impossible, in fact.
But what about my feelings?
Feelings are unreliable
and unstable.
I work with numbers.
But...
No... Lena, no!
OK.
Focus on the dance.
Look at Thea...
(Ms Carré) Nice, Thea.
(Lena) She's amazing.
(Ines) She's alright.
You're better.
Thanks.
(chuckles)
That's really nice.
I just really want this moment.
I think I might be back
in 1905 soon.
And I don't think my mother was
joking when she said "no more
ballet."
Lena. Snap out of it.
You'll be alright.
Yes.
Okay but just what if...
The Garnier goes on fire?
Or we're abducted by aliens?
Is this your version
of a pep talk?
Hm-hm, do you like it?
No. It's terrible.
(Ines laughs)
(Ms Carré) Students...
(ticking clock,
magical tinkling)
Thanks to you, we have nothing.
No girl.
No timepiece.
And now the port-a-portal is
dead, so there's no way
to time travel.
Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Hey, no problem.
You're welcome.
(video game noises)
What is the matter with you two?
What happened to the plan?
I stuck to the plan! Clive's the
one who got sidetracked
by all the shiny toys.
You said you were happy
without Frank. Remember?
(Clive) You said
"let's run wild
like authorities".
No. I said "let's run wild
in the absence of authority".
That's a lot of words, Pinky.
Yeah. Well, that worked
really well for you, didn't it?
Yes.
No.
You're both fired.
What about you?
If you hadn't run off,
we wouldn't have spent
so much time trying to find you.
Then we would have found
the timepiece and the girl!
Stop calling her "the girl".
Her name is Lena!
Wow.
(loud beeping noise)
What is that noise?
Yesss!
I just cleared level six!
Wow. (chuckles)
Good job, Clive.
Thank you.
Have you guys seen this?
He brought it back
from the future!
I bet you can't clear level six.
I can clear anything.
Give me that.
(Henri) I bet you can't.
Clive is really good
at this game.
Well... Watch me.
Around the quicksand mate!
Ahhh, tough break. My turn.
Pinky, go left.
Yeah, go left. Let's go left.
I'm going left!
No, my left, your right!
My left is your left!
Is it?
Watch out for him,
watch out for him.
Dodge the wizard.
Aah, you got him.
(car horns honking)
As if I should be
Lena's understudy.
(Thea) This whole thing
is a travesty.
Hey, I'm just happy
to be dancing.
I owe this whole
understudy thing to L.
Don't tell me you're still
buying into that
doe-eyed act of hers.
It's not an act.
L's a sweetheart.
Look at Dash.
(Ms Carré) And lift.
He's giving me the battle stare.
Forget Dash.
Understudies do go on stage,
you know.
Anything could happen.
Like anything.
Turn... Up.
Shoulders. Shoulders. Again.
And around...
I don't like
where this is heading.
An injury...
A bad fall...
You're not thinking
of doing anything?
I mean, you wouldn't...
you know...
sabotage Lena, would you?
Oh, Jeffrey.
Don't be so "dramatique".
That was satisfactory, Jeffrey.
We just got in the game.
What game?
(whispers) Yo, T, what game?
Let's take fifteen.
That's weird, we never break
during the final rehearsal.
Can we practice the lift?
Or maybe go from the top?
Here. Right now.
Until it's perfect. Yeah?
We can make it perfect
in fifteen minutes, right?
So, which one is it?
From the top, or the lift?
The lift.
You look like you want to use
the destroyer deluxe on me
to eliminate me from existence.
Sort of.
Put both hands on my hips.
Bro, if you think
I can lift you...
Zip. I just want to show you
how to distribute your weight.
Now, put everything on the left.
Plant your feet.
Now, square off your hips.
Huh.
Thanks, man.
Thought you were
gonna stay mad forever.
Whatever.
You can't really break
the La Fée Tree Bond.
It's for life.
Does that go for me too?
Or are you still mad about
what I said in the tunnel?
We'll see...
Okay! Uhm...
Let's take five.
Five more times?
Five lifts?
Five more perfect run-throughs?
I'm taking five.
As in minutes.
(Ms Carré) Lena, Max,
Thea, Jeffrey. Step forward.
My nerves are making me dizzy.
(Ms Carré) Each pair
will perform the piece.
At the same time.
(whispers) Great.
Now we have to audition
to get our parts back.
You better nail it this time.
(classical music plays)
Those pirouettes were brilliant!
Good adjustment!
Lena. Maximus.
(Ms Carré)
This is the mid-season show
and you've done nothing
but underwhelm me.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I simply cannot risk the
reputation of the Paris Opera
Ballet School.
I have no choice but to give
the roles to your understudies,
Thea and Jeff.
(Lena sighs disappointedly)
(Max) Hey.
You may never speak to me again.
Or dance with me.
Or even look at me.
I'm considering it.
I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
Yeah, it is. I don't lose
my part to an understudy.
I'll go to Ms Carré
and insist that we never
be paired together again.
(Max) Lena!
You didn't do it on purpose.
I really am so sorry.
You need my "chill method".
What?
No. No method is gonna fix
the mess I've made.
Oh yeah, there is!
There's one, I promise you.
You see. It's official.
It's chill o'clock.
It's time for you to experience
my tried-and-tested
anti-anxiety method.
I use it sometimes,
when things aren't going
the way I want them too.
Come on.
Nothing's gonna get fixed
if you're standing there.
(laughs)
Even your walk is tense.
It's just that I don't deserve
to chill ever again
in my entire life!
Alright, you know what, stop.
Close your eyes.
Do it!
Breathe.
I'm breathing.
Doesn't sound like it to me.
How would you know?
Are you in my lungs?
Shh. Now shake it out.
What?
Come on. Shake it out.
Shake what out?
Stop it. Stop it!
People are looking.
So? Who cares?
Come on. Shake it out.
Ugh! Lame.
Again.
Lena, that's even more lame!
I don't understand the purpose.
That's the whole point.
Come on, shake it out!
(Lena squeals and laughs)
Everybody in Paris, know that
today is the day Lena Grisky
finally let go of the rope.
Maybe you can chill after all.
(Lena giggles)
Will you stop thinking about it?
You mess up. You move on.
Come on, Lena,
I thought we were past this.
How can you be so calm?
Well... I could storm
into Ms Carré's office
and demand our parts back.
I could flip a table.
Oh, I could burst into tears.
Thank you.
Don't think I didn't notice
you were about to cry.
I so totally wasn't.
(scoffs)
Fine.
Okay.
You win.
We will chill.
Jeffrey, what is wrong with you?
(sighs)
Where do you think you're going?
Into battle. I'm going to be the
Sergeant and destroy the aliens.
(Jeff sighs)
It's a video game.
I need to play it, right now.
I mean, who are all of these
very important people coming
to the show?!
You'll be fine. Hear me?
Fine.
(grunts)
Whoa!
I'm so sorry.
He's scared.
And I'm the one in the corps?
Like that's fair.
(horse hooves clattering)
There are wanted posters of me
in every window of every shop!
You mean like this one?
You're meant to be on my side.
I am!
That's why I took it down.
But Princess Alexandra
is not messing around.
She's got everyone
looking for you.
I've got to get Lena back now.
It's only a matter of time
before the Time Collectors
realize
I'm not actually
working with them.
So what are you
going to do, exactly?
We've managed
to build a port-a-portal.
We just don't have enough power
to keep it running long enough.
That's because
it was made in the future.
We don't have
that kind of electricity yet,
as far as I know.
The tools used to make this
are not even invented yet.
It doesn't have to be big,
but you need something
with a little power.
You are a genius!
I've got a plan. And it's
going to work this time!
(Lena laughs)
What?
Well, I must say...
(Max laughs)
I feel sufficiently chilled.
(laughs) Good.
Now what?
Now we take back what's
ours.
(Lena giggles)
Oh yeah?
Yeah. We're nog losing our parts
to our understudies.
That's not happening.
Oh, thank goodness.
I thought you'd gone
stark raving mad.
Are you kidding me?
This is a big deal!
This is a huge deal.
We just needed a "chill out
time" before we strategize
a plan to conquer the enemy.
Okay. You need to get
this melon off your face.
(laughs)
Have you looked in a mirror?
(screams)
(both laugh)
(video game sounds)
(Jeff) Come on.
Hey.
You need to pull yourself
together.
(grunts) Not you again.
What's that supposed to mean?
I mean, I just need a place
to settle my nerves.
Like Lena does on the roof.
What do you mean
about Lena on the roof?
You know,
she chills on the Garnier roof.
She's always writing by that
brick when she needs to get away
and right now,
I need to get away.
I'll meet you in the studio
in an hour. And Jeffrey?
Sort yourself out.
(kids giggle)
No! I'm winning! No.
(Lena) Thank you.
Today was exactly what I needed.
I know it must sound crazy,
but I just want the chance
to dance that piece
at the Garnier,
in case it's the last time.
Why do you keep saying that?
Things happen.
I mean, you never know
what's around the corner.
Well, what if it's not
the last time?
What if we go on
to make Company and I,
the greatest choreographer
in the world, of course,
goes on to create a ballet
just for you?
But you're right. We don't know
what's around the corner.
So we should dance.
Right here. Right now
(Lena giggles)
But there's people watching!
And we don't have any music.
(classical music starts playing)
(Max) There she is,
right on time.
Let's dance.
(crowd applaud)
Thank you.
(ticking and magical
tinkling noises)
Careful... Careful...
Clive, shut up!
(video game noises)
Go! Go! Go!
Yes! I'm so close!
Hey, it's two out of three!
I went up the ladder and
conquered the Mushroom World!
And I got the super bonus!!
Forget all that!
This is what we need
to get the portal to work!
The portal plans came from
the future so this might be
the secret.
I have no idea how to do it,
but if there's someone
that does, it's you.
Hand it over.
Hey! Don't wreck
my fun new game!
Try to keep up, Clive.
We use this one
to get to the future,
then we can get you another
one. Another ten, if you want!
Ten games?
(chuckles)
That would be heaven.
Are you okay, Clive?
(Lena) It was not!
(Ines) Sounds like a date to me.
(Lena) It was for school!
(Ines) Hm-hm.
Seriously. We're going to win
our parts back.
(scoffs)
We just have to convince
Ms Carré to give us a chance.
(Lena) Oh, there she is!
Ms Carré!
Whoa, dude... are you serious?
You can't just ask her
for your part back.
Trust me.
Max and I worked it out.
Ines is right.
Wait, what?
Trust me, chica.
(Ms Carré)
I've had a change of heart.
Thea, Jeffrey, thank you
for doing an excellent job
of filling in.
But Lena and Maximus
will be performing
at the mid-season showcase
as planned.
(Lena gasps)
(Ms Carré) Let's get started.
From the top.
But how did you...?
I told you the chill method
works every time.
(Max) And I knew Ms Carré
was watching us out there.
Lena ruins everything.
Hey, it's okay.
It's theirs,
and they're awesome.
We're gonna be cool
about this, right?
This isn't over.
(sighs)
Come on.
Anyways, when I finally relaxed,
it just flowed.
I wonder why
Ms Carré changed her mind.
Does it really matter?
I guess not.
It was a great day.
Good.
And I'm glad it took your mind
off Henri for a change.
Oh no... I didn't think
about Henri all afternoon!
Does that make me
a horrible person?
I feel awful.
No, Lena, it's a good thing.
You need a break sometimes.
Okay? (chuckles)
What have you turned me into?
(laughs)
Where's that brick?
Aha.
"Dear Lena..." Jackpot.
"I have a plan, but I need you
to follow these instructions
carefully,
even if they don't make sense.
Just know, that tomorrow night
I'm coming for you."